## Progress Report - June 7, 2023

---

Man, time flies when you're stuck in a basement...not really, but it helps to pretend. So let me spill the tea on the happenings:

#### RandomForest Model - An Overdue Tune-up
Alright, for the last couple of hours, we've been souping up this bad boy. That's right, we've put our RandomForest model in the GridSearchCV garage for a tune-up. This mofo is like the mechanic who won't just change your oil; they'll tinker and tweak every damn setting until your engine purrs like a kitten.

#### Bootstraps and Buckets of Simulations
Next up, we threw a party - a bootstrap resampling party, that is. We ran a truckload of simulations to see how our model would react. Imagine being stuck in a "Groundhog Day" situation, but instead of trying to win over Andie MacDowell, you're trying to predict golf scores. Yeah, that's our life now.

---

Alright, we can't slack off yet; there's more work to be done:

#### Performance Check with Evaluation Metrics
Next on the agenda, we'll be running some more metrics to see how our improved model is doing. Kind of like checking your internet speed when you're 12 hours into a Netflix binge and the buffering symbol pops up. In our case, though, we're looking at things like Mean Absolute Error and R2 Score.

#### Unmasking the Impact of Features
Then, we'll start playing detective, trying to figure out which features have been pulling the strings behind the scenes. It's like peeling back the layers of an onion, except it's a data onion, and there are no tears... just confusion and coffee.

#### Final Destination - Model Deployment
Once we're satisfied with all the tweaking and tuning, it's showtime. We'll roll out our shiny, improved model to the world. It's a bit like unveiling a masterpiece after months of painting in your basement - except, in this case, the masterpiece is a piece of software, and the audience is a bunch of machines.

Keep hanging in there, or don't. I'll be back with more updates when I emerge from this coding vortex.
